# Individual Reflection w1

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
So far there is nothing concrete that I know I want to learn since the project is in its earliest stages. For this to be applicable, an idea for a product and a product owner has emerge. As a group we will have workshops to address this issue and to generate and discuss ideas.


## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I can use much of my previous knowledge in various fields such as working in project groups and specifically using an agile approach. I want the whole group to be able to utilize my knowledge and apply it to the project as well as me being able to apply the knowledge I receive from the rest of the group. This will be possible by scheduling a lot of meetings and always working as a group rather than on an individual level.


## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
My current knowledge of scrum is rather limited but by attending lectures regarding the subject and reading about it this will change. Since we are in such early stages, the use of Scrum has not yet been initialized and therefore no clear roles regarding Scrum has been appointed.


## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I have been appointed the role of report-master and will therefore have responsibility for everything regarding the writing and managing of the final report. I will also aid in such things as development and idea planning. The idea is that everyone should do their part of the written assignment of the project and by continuously checking the status of the entire group this will be achieved. 
